Honey never spoils and has been found edible in ancient tombs.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
Bananas are technically berries, but strawberries are not.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
The human brain uses about twenty percent of the body’s energy.
Butterflies remember being caterpillars.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
The Moon slowly moves away from Earth each year.
Sharks existed before trees.
Dolphins have unique names for each other.
The Eiffel Tower grows taller in summer.
Your nose can remember thousands of different scents.
Some turtles can breathe through their skin.
The heart beats roughly one hundred thousand times a day.
There are more stars in space than grains of sand on Earth.
Bees can recognize human faces.
Rain has a smell called petrichor.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins.
Antarctica is the world’s largest desert.
Sound travels faster in water than in air.
Cats sleep for about two thirds of their lives.
Venus is hotter than Mercury despite being farther from the Sun.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Oxford University is older than the Aztecs.
Humans share about sixty percent of DNA with bananas.
Koalas have fingerprints similar to humans.
The average cloud can weigh over a million tons.
Some metals explode when placed in water.
There are more possible chess games than atoms in the universe.
An octopus can taste with its arms.
The brain is sometimes more active during sleep.
Penguins can jump several feet out of water.
Jellyfish have existed for over five hundred million years.
The human body glows faintly due to chemical reactions.
A bolt of lightning is hotter than the Sun’s surface.
Plants can communicate with each other through chemicals.
The longest hiccup attack lasted over sixty years.
Owls can rotate their heads almost completely around.
Some frogs can freeze and thaw without dying.
The tongue has no single muscle.
Spiders can’t fly but travel using silk threads.
Gold is edible and used in desserts.
There are more trees on Earth than stars in the Milky Way.
Elephants can recognize themselves in mirrors.
The brain has no pain receptors.
Humans blink around fifteen thousand times a day.
The smell of fresh grass is actually a distress signal.
